content/info.md, before:

+++
title = "Information"
slug = "info"
+++

<!-- **Registration will open in coming days.** -->

## Registration


## About us

Since April 1, 2022 the advanced research computing / HPC training in Western Canada has been coordinated by the
[Digital Research Alliance of Canada](https://alliancecan.ca) and [Simon Fraser University](https://www.sfu.ca/) in collaboration with other
universities from British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba. Consequently, "WestGrid summer school" has been renamed
"Western Canada Research Computing summer school".

<figure style="display: table">
  <div class="row" style="padding: 20px 0px">
	<div style="float: left; width: 20%">
      <div align="left">
	<img src="/img/alex.jpg" width="80%" style="box-shadow: 0.5px 0.2px 3px #b3b3b3">
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="float: left; width: 80%">
      <div align="left">
	Alex Razoumov earned his PhD in computational astrophysics from the University of British Columbia and held
	postdoctoral positions in Urbana-Champaign, San Diego, Oak Ridge, and Halifax. He spent five years as HPC
	Analyst in SHARCNET and in 2014 moved back to Vancouver to focus on scientific visualization and training
	researchers to use advanced computing tools. Alex is currently at Simon Fraser University.
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="row" style="padding: 20px 0px">
    <div style="float: left; width: 20%; border-radius: 0px">
      <div align="left">
	<img src="/img/mh.jpg" width="80%" style="box-shadow: 0.5px 0.2px 3px #b3b3b3">
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="float: left; width: 80%">
      <div align="left">
        Evolutionary and behavioural ecologist by training, {{<a "https://carpentries.org/" "Software/Data Carpentry instructor,">}} and open source proponent, {{<a "https://www.sfu.ca/~msb2/" "Marie-Hélène Burle">}} develops and delivers training for researchers on computing tools (R, Python, Julia, Git, Bash scripting, machine learning, parallel scientific programming, HPC) for {{<a "https://www.sfu.ca/" "Simon Fraser University">}} and the {{<a "https://alliancecan.ca/" "Digital Research Alliance of Canada.">}}
	  </div>
	</div>
  </div>
</figure>

Commit message:

add intro to the school

content/info.md, after:

+++
title = "Information"
slug = "info"
+++

## About this school

This research computing school is open to anyone working or studying at a Canadian post-secondary institution. It will run **online** from November 8 to 22, 2022.

It focuses on introductory topics and is a great foundation for our more advanced school coming up in the spring of 2023.

## Registration


## About us

Since April 1, 2022 the advanced research computing / HPC training in Western Canada has been coordinated by the
[Digital Research Alliance of Canada](https://alliancecan.ca) and [Simon Fraser University](https://www.sfu.ca/) in collaboration with other
universities from British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Manitoba. Consequently, "WestGrid summer school" has been renamed
"Western Canada Research Computing summer school".

<figure style="display: table">
  <div class="row" style="padding: 20px 0px">
	<div style="float: left; width: 20%">
      <div align="left">
	<img src="/img/alex.jpg" width="80%" style="box-shadow: 0.5px 0.2px 3px #b3b3b3">
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="float: left; width: 80%">
      <div align="left">
	Alex Razoumov earned his PhD in computational astrophysics from the University of British Columbia and held
	postdoctoral positions in Urbana-Champaign, San Diego, Oak Ridge, and Halifax. He spent five years as HPC
	Analyst in SHARCNET and in 2014 moved back to Vancouver to focus on scientific visualization and training
	researchers to use advanced computing tools. Alex is currently at Simon Fraser University.
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
  <div class="row" style="padding: 20px 0px">
    <div style="float: left; width: 20%; border-radius: 0px">
      <div align="left">
	<img src="/img/mh.jpg" width="80%" style="box-shadow: 0.5px 0.2px 3px #b3b3b3">
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="float: left; width: 80%">
      <div align="left">
        Evolutionary and behavioural ecologist by training, {{<a "https://carpentries.org/" "Software/Data Carpentry instructor,">}} and open source proponent, {{<a "https://www.sfu.ca/~msb2/" "Marie-Hélène Burle">}} develops and delivers training for researchers on computing tools (R, Python, Julia, Git, Bash scripting, machine learning, parallel scientific programming, HPC) for {{<a "https://www.sfu.ca/" "Simon Fraser University">}} and the {{<a "https://alliancecan.ca/" "Digital Research Alliance of Canada.">}}
	  </div>
	</div>
  </div>
</figure>
