content/python-menu.md, before:

+++
title = "Basics of Python"
slug = "python-menu"
+++

{{<cor>}}Tuesday, November 15{{</cor>}}\
{{<cgr>}}9:30am–12:30pm Pacific Time{{</cgr>}}

This course will start at 9:30am Pacific Time and will run until 12:30pm Pacific Time.

Course materials will be added here shortly before the start of the course.

---

This introductory course will walk you through the basics of programming in Python. We will cover the main language
features -- variables and data types, conditionals, lists, for/while loops, list comprehensions, dictionaries, writing
functions -- as well as working with external libraries such as numpy (mathematical arrays), pandas (data frames), and
matplotlib (basic plotting).

**Instructors**: Alex Razoumov & Marie-Helene Burle (SFU)

**Prerequisites:** none.

**Software**: We will be using Python on our training cluster, so no need to install it on your computer. However, in
  the long run you would probably benefit from Python on your computer, so you might want to look into this. During the
  workshop you will likely need a remote secure shell (SSH) client installed on your computer in order to participate in
  the course exercises. On Windows we recommend
  [the free Home Edition of MobaXterm](https://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/download.html). On Mac and Linux computers SSH is
  usually pre-installed (try typing `ssh` in a terminal to make sure it is there).

<!-- ~/training/softwareCarpentry/python04.md -->

<!-- {{<cor>}}Zoom{{</cor>}} {{<s>}} {{<cgr>}}Day 1 - 9:30am-12:30pm Pacific{{</cgr>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Setup and various ways to run Python{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Variables and assignment, data types and type conversion{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Built-in functions and help{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Conditionals{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Lists{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Loops{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Dictionaries{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Writing functions{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Variable scope and floating precision{{</nolinktitle>}} -->

{{<cor>}}Zoom{{</cor>}} {{<s>}} {{<cgr>}}9:30am-12:30pm Pacific{{</cgr>}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-01-setup" text="Setup and various ways to run Python">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-02-variables" text="Variables and data types">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-03-builtin" text="Built-in functions and help">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-04-conditionals" text="Conditionals">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-05-lists" text="Lists">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-06-loops" text="Loops">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-07-dictionaries" text="Dictionaries">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-08-functions" text="Writing functions">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-09-scope" text="Variable scope and floating precision">}}

<!-- {{<cor>}}Zoom{{</cor>}} {{<s>}} {{<cgr>}}Day 2 - 9:30am-12:30pm Pacific{{</cgr>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Libraries, virtual environments and packaging{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Numpy{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Plotting with matplotlib{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Pandas dataframes{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Multidimensional labeled arrays and datasets with xarray{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Running Python scripts from the command line{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Basics of object-oriented programming in Python{{</nolinktitle>}} -->

{{<linktitle url="../python/python-10-libraries" text="Libraries, virtual environments and packaging">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-11-numpy" text="Numpy">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-12-matplotlib" text="Plotting with matplotlib">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-13-pandas" text="Pandas dataframes">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-14-xarray" text="Multidimensional labeled arrays and datasets with xarray">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-16-scripts" text="Running Python scripts from the command line">}} (additional material) \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-17-objects" text="Basics of object-oriented programming in Python">}} (additional material)

<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Plotting with cartopy (additional material){{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<linktitle url="../python/python-15-cartopy" text="Plotting with cartopy">}} (additional material) \ -->

Commit message:

change R and Python course titles (to level 1) and add the notion of prerequisites

content/python-menu.md, after:

+++
title = "Python level 1"
slug = "python-menu"
+++

{{<cor>}}Tuesday, November 15{{</cor>}}\
{{<cgr>}}9:30am–12:30pm Pacific Time{{</cgr>}}

This course will start at 9:30am Pacific Time and will run until 12:30pm Pacific Time.

Course materials will be added here shortly before the start of the course.

---

This introductory course will walk you through the basics of programming in Python. We will cover the main language
features -- variables and data types, conditionals, lists, for/while loops, list comprehensions, dictionaries, writing
functions -- as well as working with external libraries such as numpy (mathematical arrays), pandas (data frames), and
matplotlib (basic plotting).

Note that this course is a prerequisite for our more advanced Python courses later in the year.

**Instructors**: Alex Razoumov & Marie-Helene Burle (SFU)

**Prerequisites:** none.

**Software**: We will be using Python on our training cluster, so no need to install it on your computer. However, in
  the long run you would probably benefit from Python on your computer, so you might want to look into this. During the
  workshop you will likely need a remote secure shell (SSH) client installed on your computer in order to participate in
  the course exercises. On Windows we recommend
  [the free Home Edition of MobaXterm](https://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/download.html). On Mac and Linux computers SSH is
  usually pre-installed (try typing `ssh` in a terminal to make sure it is there).

<!-- ~/training/softwareCarpentry/python04.md -->

<!-- {{<cor>}}Zoom{{</cor>}} {{<s>}} {{<cgr>}}Day 1 - 9:30am-12:30pm Pacific{{</cgr>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Setup and various ways to run Python{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Variables and assignment, data types and type conversion{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Built-in functions and help{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Conditionals{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Lists{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Loops{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Dictionaries{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Writing functions{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Variable scope and floating precision{{</nolinktitle>}} -->

{{<cor>}}Zoom{{</cor>}} {{<s>}} {{<cgr>}}9:30am-12:30pm Pacific{{</cgr>}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-01-setup" text="Setup and various ways to run Python">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-02-variables" text="Variables and data types">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-03-builtin" text="Built-in functions and help">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-04-conditionals" text="Conditionals">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-05-lists" text="Lists">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-06-loops" text="Loops">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-07-dictionaries" text="Dictionaries">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-08-functions" text="Writing functions">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-09-scope" text="Variable scope and floating precision">}}

<!-- {{<cor>}}Zoom{{</cor>}} {{<s>}} {{<cgr>}}Day 2 - 9:30am-12:30pm Pacific{{</cgr>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Libraries, virtual environments and packaging{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Numpy{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Plotting with matplotlib{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Pandas dataframes{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Multidimensional labeled arrays and datasets with xarray{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Running Python scripts from the command line{{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Basics of object-oriented programming in Python{{</nolinktitle>}} -->

{{<linktitle url="../python/python-10-libraries" text="Libraries, virtual environments and packaging">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-11-numpy" text="Numpy">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-12-matplotlib" text="Plotting with matplotlib">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-13-pandas" text="Pandas dataframes">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-14-xarray" text="Multidimensional labeled arrays and datasets with xarray">}} \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-16-scripts" text="Running Python scripts from the command line">}} (additional material) \
{{<linktitle url="../python/python-17-objects" text="Basics of object-oriented programming in Python">}} (additional material)

<!-- {{<nolinktitle>}}Plotting with cartopy (additional material){{</nolinktitle>}} \ -->
<!-- {{<linktitle url="../python/python-15-cartopy" text="Plotting with cartopy">}} (additional material) \ -->
